Assignment 7 Yelp Database Application

This application is used to connect to Sean Wotherspoon's yelp database in the SFU Cypress 
server. It provides a clear user interface to interact with the database. Steps to use the application
are laid out in the usage section below.

------------------------------

Table of Contents:

1. Setup
2. Usage

------------------------------

1. Setup

	To begin using this application, click on assignment.jar and the application will open.

------------------------------

2. Usage

	2.1 Login
	
		To login press on "Options" to see the options of this hierarchical menu. You are then prompted
		with a text box where you need to input a valid user id from the yelp database. Once a valid id
		is added press "Login". If the id is invalid the application will let the user know.
		
	2.2 Business Search
	
		To search for a business, ensure you are logged in and then this option will become available.
		Once you are logged in press on the hierarchical menu and then select "Business Search". You will
		then be brought to a page where you have the option to search by business name, city, and stars.
		Moreover, you can order the search results by name, city or stars. There is an option to turn off
		specific search boxes by pressing the check box associated with row you desire to turn off. Once
		the search parameters are entered "Search" is pressed you will be brought to the results page.
		
	2.2.1 Business Search Results
	
		Once the search is complete you are brought to the business search results interface. For each
		business in the results you can see the business id, name, address, city, and stars. You have
		the option to press "back" to go back to the business search page. Furthermore, to scroll through
		the results you use the "<" left arrow and the ">" right arrow buttons. For each business in
		the results you also have the option to review them by pressing "Add Review". Pressing "Add
		Review" from the business search auto-fills the desired business id and the users id and leaves
		the user to enter the stars for the business.
		
	2.3 User Search
	
		To search for a user, ensure you are logged in and then this option will become available.
		Once you are logged in press on the hierarchical menu and then select "User Search". You will
		then be brought to a page where you have the option to search by user name, review count, and
		average stars. Notably, the search results are ordered by alphabetically by name. There is an
		option to turn off specific search boxes by pressing the check box associated with row you
		desire to turn off. Once the search parameters are entered "Search" is pressed you will be 
		brought to the results page.
		
	2.3.1 User Search Results
	
		Once the search is complete you are brought to the user search results interface. For each
		user in the results you can see their user id, name, review count, useful, funny, cool, average
		stars, and sign-up date. You have the option to press "back" to go back to the user search page.
		Furthermore, to scroll through the results you use the "<" left arrow and the ">" right arrow
		buttons. For each user in the results you also have the option to add them as a friend by
		pressing "Add Friend". Pressing "Add Friend" from the user search auto-fills the desired
		friend's id, leaving just the confirmation for the user to do.
	
	2.4 Add a Friend
	
		To add a friend, ensure you are logged in and then this option will become available.
		Once you are logged in, press on the hierarchical menu and select the "Add a Friend" option.
		You will then be brought to the add a friend page where you will be prompted to enter a valid
		user id of someone you would like to become friends with. If you input an invalid id the program
		will tell you.
		
	2.5 Review a Business
	
		To add a review, ensure you are logged in and then this option will become available.
		Once you are logged in, press on the hierarchical menu and select the "Add a Review" option.
		You will then be brought to the add a review page where you will be prompted to enter a valid
		business id, and stars value. If you input an invalid value for either of these inputs, the
		application will tell you.
